hey guys it's sacred King here bringing
you a new way to get a mod menu on
Modern Warfare 2 without jailbreak or a
computer ok all you need for this is a
USB Drive you just want to put this in
the right port of your playstation ok so
what you want to do is you want to come
back to the screen over here and you
want to go over to internet browser ok
once you're in here you want to go to
youtube ok and you want to search for
buttons underscore default CFG downloads
okay so once you do that you find you
look around go to a media file link on
file find buttons default CFG ok ok once
you find a link what you want to do is
you want to make sure the link says
buttons the understood buttons
underscore default dot CFG just like
this here if it does not say that if it
has anything different it will not work
ok so what you want to do is you want to
come over here and you want to download
that ok ok it'll come up like this you
have to have your USB in there ok to
make sure you have it in there in the
right port and if it's not in the right
port it won't work ok after that what
you want to do is you want to hit just
start don't open up your flash drive and
put it in any file I've already
downloaded it this file so I already
have a buttons default CFG on my flash
drive so it's going to ask me if I want
to hit rename and save do not save or
overwrite and say if you want to change
patches and whatnot you have to get
overwrite and save if you hit rename and
save it'll be a different name and it
will not work ok so once you're done
downloading that you want to back out of
here
and you want to launch one or fair to
you ok so you just come over here and
hit click on the game and my game is
really slow so it's going to take a
little while for the game to load up but
it's alright
okay
so once the game loads up you want to go
to multiplayer okay once you're in
multiplayer you want to find a friend
who can host you a CFG mod menu
infection okay so you've got to look up
here and I got my friend BP is trihard
okay and you just want to join his
session okay you got this over here and
this is what the infection usually looks
like there's multiple different
infections that or do the same thing
like this to find one that says it says
dev USB zero zero zero buttons default
CFG that's the one you need fine okay
after you do that we're going to back
out come to split screen and then join
and load up a character it doesn't
matter what profile it is you just got a
load one up okay once you do that you
come in here you want to turn you want
to turn PlayStation unlocks on okay
after you do that you just want to start
the match
okay after you the match is loaded up
you just want to choose a class and get
it in the game okay
we'll ask you that you just hit select
and up okay down here look you got tick
menu game settings pregnant Buffalo
there's more than all that button on
when you load it up the first time it
doesn't show it all come either you have
to jump out of the match and join and
start another private match or you can
hit scroll and change the map and it's
just up here and if you change the map
it'll make the whole full menu come out
this is the patch I downloaded ok I'm
not taking any credit for this all I'm
taking credit for is finding out how to
do it without a computer because I am
the first person to find this ok you
just want to load a match you want to
hit select and up okay look you got the
entire mod menu there so guys that's
another way to get them on menu on mono
for two without jailbreak or computer so
peace guys